# Projects
My official repository to hold the projects that I am proud of and want to share.

## Http Server Status Get
I made this program for Brigham Young University of Idaho. These programs helped the employee in charge of correcting, deleting and reorganizing files. I had never used ".net" before and this was a wonderful experience for me to learn how it all works. I finished these programs over the course of 2 weeks or 60 hours of total work time. I learned how http requests are made, I learned how to use exceptions to my advantage, and I learned valuable search techniques to find the help that I needed. This experience gave me confidence to trust in my own work and to realize that I am capable of doing anything I set my mind to. I started these programs from scratch without any supervision of my code. There were no other students or employees who could help me with my code or correct me since I was the only software engineering student in my department. I learned from trial and error which I believe improved my ability to trust myself and to find out how to solve problems on my own. There were times when I became frustrated, but I never gave up and the sense of progress and accomplishment that each step gave me kept me moving forward. I continued looking for optimization techniques and better ways to accomplish my task. This experience was one of my most favorite and challenging experiences so far. The reason I separated these two files was because I did not want to convolute the Collect program with the Server Tester program. I often think about testing the status of each of the files from the Collect file directly after I pull them, but there are some complications. We want to keep the name of the file path, and in order to test the file's server status we needed to change the name of the file to be a URL temporarily. I felt it was too complicated to do all of this in one program and I felt that since they do separate tasks they should stay separate.

### Collect:
Collect and Server Tester are two folders that work together. In the Collect program I search a specified folder for all the files in each sub folder and I pull out the information associated with those files, such as: owner, date created, date modified, size of file, etc.

### Server Tester:
The Server Tester folder works with the Collect folder. After I run the collect program and recieve all the data from the files, I run the Server Tester program. In the Server Tester program I take the names of all the files and run them in an http request. I recieve the status code from each of the files and I make a new file with this information, I also include the information from Collect.

## Base Builder Tool
I made the base builder tool in Unity to see if I could make a dynamic tool that anyone could incorporate into their game. I learned how to reference instantiated objects and their properties. I want to turn this tool into a script that can be toggled on and off so the user can switch between gameplay and base building in an instant. I intend to release this project along with instructions on how it works, and how to set it up to the user's preferences. This project isn't finished yet since I want to add lots of features that can be turned on and off for the user. I will continue working on this for about a month before moving onto another project. If someone has any requests for changes, or if they want additional features I am willing to work on this project again.

### Controller
The controller is the main code overseeing how the base builder tool functions. This will include variables that the developer can change without needing to access code as well as the ability to add any number of objects from the UI of Unity. This simple tool can be changed for the more advanced developer if they desire which is totally intentional. I left the code quite readable in the event that a developer sees the need to make any changes in the code.

### Phantom
This is a small peice of code for the object when it is hovering and following the mouse. This script should only be active on one object at a time and should only be activated by the controller.
